In this video, we're going to try to write out a test or two around the sign out functionality.
Now, once again, just like the last video, we're not really going to see anything that new in the
world of testing.
So if you really just want to get on to some the more interesting stuff, skip to the next video once
again.
Otherwise, stick around and let's write out a single test around the sign out route handler.
So once again, inside my test directory, I'll make a new file of sign out tests.
At the top, we will import a request from super test.
And app from up to directories app.
So as you guess, all we really want to do here is attempt to sign up for an account.
Once we sign up, we should be logged in.
And then after that we'll make another request to sign out and we should be able to make a assertion
on the response we get back something to say that the cookie has been cleared or something like that.
We'll probably have to inspect the actual response that gets sent back to figure out exactly how to
write out this expectation.
Let's just get started writing out the test first.
We're going to put together in its statement inside of here, we'll say it clears the cookie after signing
out.
So inside of here again, we need to first sign up for an account so that we are authenticated.
So we'll do in a wait request over to app.
I'll make a post to API users sign up.
And we'll send off an email that is valid.
And a password.
That is valid as well.
And then once again, we will make sure that we get back a status code of not one but 201.
So again, this is just going to make sure that we are successfully signed up.
So then after that, we'll make our request.
It's going to be a post request to API user sign out.
And again on the response, we should be able to inspect that set cookie header and figure out exactly
what gets sent back.
When we sign out, we'll have to console.log that thing to figure out exactly how we should write that
assertion.
They'll do a concert response is a wait request to app.
We'll do a post in this case to API users.
Sign out in this case.
We're going to send along an empty object because it is a post request.
And then we will expect to get back again a 200.
The 200 is not strictly necessary here or this expectation.
It's really just to say, hey, we completed the request successfully.
Now we need to do a console.log on that response and take a look at exactly what happens to that set
cookie header when we try to clear that session.
So I will do for right now just a console log of response target set cookie.
All right, we'll save this.
Go back over to our terminal.
We've got that new test file inside there and there is our console.log.
So it looks like whenever we try to sign out, we get back an empty session right there.
Or essentially we're setting this to no data.
And the cookie is also set to expire way long ago in the past.
So we could try to just copy this thing right here entirely and say that the set cookie header should
be equal to this.
That'd be one strategy.
So I could really just copy that.
Maybe just that string right there.
And then put in an expectation that looks like expect response.
But get that cookie that gives us back an array, as you just saw.
So it is an array.
So we can take a look at the first entry inside there.
Then we could say that must be equal to.
And then put in that exact string that we saw inside of our terminal.
So again, this would be one approach right here.
Alternatively, we could just say set cookie is defined as we had previously.
That would also be 100% valid.
It's really up to you.
I don't really expect the response right here or the structure to ever change.
I think that it will always look like this forever, so I feel kind of okay using that string.
But again, if you want to have a little bit more generic expectation, you could once again just say,
Oh yeah, that set cookie header is defined, by the way, totally fine.
All right.
I am going to save this and run the test just one time to make sure it works.
Self look back over.
Very good.
All right.
Well, that is it for sign out.
So we're now going to move on, quick pause and then take a look at current user, which is going to
have some new stuff that we're going to have to consider.
I'll see you in just a moment.